# Raas

This API SDK was automatically generated by [APIMATIC Code Generator](https://apimatic.io/).

## Installation

The SDK relies on [Node Package Manager](https://www.npmjs.com/) (NPM) being available to resolve dependencies.
Once published you will need copy the folder `raas` in to your `node_modules` folder.

## Usage

The following shows how import and use the controller:

1. Import the module:

    ```js
    var raas = require('raas');
    ```

2. Configure any authentication parameters. For example:

    ```js
    var config = raas.configuration;
    config.apikey = a_secret_key;
    ```

3. Access various controllers by:

    ```js
    var controller = raas.XYZ;
    controller.getItems(id, callback);
    ```

## Test Execution

These tests use Mocha framework for testing, coupled with Chai for assertions. These dependencies need to be installed for tests to run.
Tests can be run in a number of ways:

### Run All Tests

1. Navigate to the root directory from command prompt. (/Node/)
2. Type `mocha --recursive` to run all the tests.

### Run All Tests (alternate)

1. Navigate to the `../test/Controllers/` directory from command prompt.
2. Type `mocha *` to run all the tests (from all the controller files).

### Run for a Particular Resource

1. Navigate to the `../test/Controllers/` directory from command prompt.
2. Type `mocha XYZControllerTest` to run all the tests in that controller file.

To increase mocha's default timeout, you can change the `TESTTIMEOUT` parameter's value in `Configuration.js`.

> NOTE: Changing default timeout is available for only Binary/File type endpoint tests
